README.md, before:

# Smart Canteen Atsoglou

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) <!-- Replace with your actual license if different -->
[![CodeRabbit Pull Request Reviews](https://img.shields.io/coderabbit/prs/github/chrissouk-001/smart-canteen-solution?utm_source=oss&utm_medium=github&utm_campaign=chrissouk-001%2Fsmart-canteen-solution&labelColor=171717&color=FF570A&link=https%3A%2F%2Fcoderabbit.ai&label=CodeRabbit+Reviews)](https://coderabbit.ai)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-^18.3.1-blue?logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-^5.5.3-blue?logo=typescript)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-^5.4.1-blue?logo=vite&logoColor=white)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-^3.4.11-blue?logo=tailwindcss)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Shadcn/ui](https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn/ui-latest-black?logo=shadcnui&logoColor=white)](https://ui.shadcn.com/)

## Project Overview

**Smart Canteen Atsoglou** is an innovative web application designed to enhance the experience at the Atsoglou Schools Gymnasium canteen. Developed by the school's team as part of an entrepreneurship competition, under the guidance of Mr. Dimitris Liofis, MSc, this application aims to provide a fast, user-friendly, and environmentally conscious solution for students ordering from the canteen.

The primary goal is to streamline the ordering process, reduce waiting times, and promote environmental awareness among students.

## Features

The application includes the following key features:

1.  **Login & Registration:**
    *   Users can sign up or log in using their email address and password.
    *   Option for quick authentication via Google Account.

2.  **Product Catalog:**
    *   Displays a clear list of available canteen products with their respective prices.
    *   Allows students to easily browse and select items for their order.

3.  **Order Summary & Checkout:**
    *   Shows the total cost of the selected items before finalizing the order.
    *   Includes an option to request a plastic bag, encouraging users to consider environmental impact (and potentially bring their own bags).

4.  **Queue Management / Order Priority:**
    *   Displays the user's position in the queue, indicating when their order will be ready for pickup.
    *   Helps manage expectations and reduces crowding at the canteen counter.

5.  **Admin Communication:**
    *   Provides a communication channel for users to contact the canteen manager directly with questions or report issues.

## Technology Stack

This project uses the following technologies:

**Frontend:**

*   **Framework:** React (`react`)
*   **Language:** TypeScript (`typescript`)
*   **Build Tool:** Vite (`vite`)
*   **UI Library:** Shadcn/ui (built on Radix UI & Tailwind CSS)
*   **Styling:** Tailwind CSS (`tailwindcss`)
*   **Routing:** React Router (`react-router-dom`)
*   **Data Fetching / State Management:** TanStack Query (`@tanstack/react-query`)
*   **Forms:** React Hook Form (`react-hook-form`) & Zod (`zod`)
*   **Component Libraries:** `lucide-react` (icons), `sonner` (toasts), `recharts` (charts), etc.

*(Note: The frontend stack is derived from `package.json`. Backend technology TBD.)*

## Getting Started

*(Placeholder section: Add instructions on how to set up the development environment, install dependencies, and run the application locally.)*

**Frontend Setup:**

```bash
# Navigate to the frontend directory (if applicable)
# cd frontend_directory 

npm install 
npm run dev 
```

*(Add backend setup instructions here once the technology is decided/implemented)*

## Usage

*(Placeholder section: Describe how a typical user would interact with the application, e.g., logging in, browsing products, placing an order, checking queue status.)*

## Contributing

*(Placeholder section: Add guidelines for contributing to the project if applicable, e.g., reporting bugs, suggesting features, submitting pull requests.)*

## Acknowledgements

*   **Atsoglou Schools Gymnasium**
*   **Entrepreneurship Competition Participants**
*   **Mr. Dimitris Liofis, MSc** (Project Manager)

---

With Smart Canteen Atsoglou, the daily school canteen experience becomes faster, more organized, and environmentally friendly!

Commit message:

chore: Update project name in README to reflect new branding
- Changed project name from "Smart Canteen Atsoglou" to "OrderAhead" for consistency with recent branding updates.
- Updated project description to align with the new name while maintaining the original intent and purpose of the application.

README.md, after:

# OrderAhead

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) <!-- Replace with your actual license if different -->
[![CodeRabbit Pull Request Reviews](https://img.shields.io/coderabbit/prs/github/chrissouk-001/smart-canteen-solution?utm_source=oss&utm_medium=github&utm_campaign=chrissouk-001%2Fsmart-canteen-solution&labelColor=171717&color=FF570A&link=https%3A%2F%2Fcoderabbit.ai&label=CodeRabbit+Reviews)](https://coderabbit.ai)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-^18.3.1-blue?logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-^5.5.3-blue?logo=typescript)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-^5.4.1-blue?logo=vite&logoColor=white)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-^3.4.11-blue?logo=tailwindcss)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Shadcn/ui](https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn/ui-latest-black?logo=shadcnui&logoColor=white)](https://ui.shadcn.com/)

## Project Overview

**OrderAhead** is an innovative web application designed to enhance the experience at the Atsoglou Schools Gymnasium canteen. Developed by the school's team as part of an entrepreneurship competition, under the guidance of Mr. Dimitris Liofis, MSc, this application aims to provide a fast, user-friendly, and environmentally conscious solution for students ordering from the canteen.

The primary goal is to streamline the ordering process, reduce waiting times, and promote environmental awareness among students.

## Features

The application includes the following key features:

1.  **Login & Registration:**
    *   Users can sign up or log in using their email address and password.
    *   Option for quick authentication via Google Account.

2.  **Product Catalog:**
    *   Displays a clear list of available canteen products with their respective prices.
    *   Allows students to easily browse and select items for their order.

3.  **Order Summary & Checkout:**
    *   Shows the total cost of the selected items before finalizing the order.
    *   Includes an option to request a plastic bag, encouraging users to consider environmental impact (and potentially bring their own bags).

4.  **Queue Management / Order Priority:**
    *   Displays the user's position in the queue, indicating when their order will be ready for pickup.
    *   Helps manage expectations and reduces crowding at the canteen counter.

5.  **Admin Communication:**
    *   Provides a communication channel for users to contact the canteen manager directly with questions or report issues.

## Technology Stack

This project uses the following technologies:

**Frontend:**

*   **Framework:** React (`react`)
*   **Language:** TypeScript (`typescript`)
*   **Build Tool:** Vite (`vite`)
*   **UI Library:** Shadcn/ui (built on Radix UI & Tailwind CSS)
*   **Styling:** Tailwind CSS (`tailwindcss`)
*   **Routing:** React Router (`react-router-dom`)
*   **Data Fetching / State Management:** TanStack Query (`@tanstack/react-query`)
*   **Forms:** React Hook Form (`react-hook-form`) & Zod (`zod`)
*   **Component Libraries:** `lucide-react` (icons), `sonner` (toasts), `recharts` (charts), etc.

*(Note: The frontend stack is derived from `package.json`. Backend technology TBD.)*

## Getting Started

*(Placeholder section: Add instructions on how to set up the development environment, install dependencies, and run the application locally.)*

**Frontend Setup:**

```bash
# Navigate to the frontend directory (if applicable)
# cd frontend_directory 

npm install 
npm run dev 
```

*(Add backend setup instructions here once the technology is decided/implemented)*

## Usage

*(Placeholder section: Describe how a typical user would interact with the application, e.g., logging in, browsing products, placing an order, checking queue status.)*

## Contributing

*(Placeholder section: Add guidelines for contributing to the project if applicable, e.g., reporting bugs, suggesting features, submitting pull requests.)*

## Acknowledgements

*   **Atsoglou Schools Gymnasium**
*   **Entrepreneurship Competition Participants**
*   **Mr. Dimitris Liofis, MSc** (Project Manager)

---

With OrderAhead, the daily school canteen experience becomes faster, more organized, and environmentally friendly!
